dragon flies are fierce predators but
being so small they can slip between the
cracks in our busy human world and find
all the room they need to survive we
have lots of dragonflies that live in
the small ponds in our front garden this
type of wildlife is easy to miss okay
there's one here so it can be difficult
to appreciate all the nature around us
using just our human senses but with
this camera I can take up to 2,000
pictures a second and open up a window
into the world of nature that we
couldn't see any other way
[Music]
it's beautiful how these dragonflies
move there are two sets of wings work
independently giving them incredible
maneuverability and speed
[Music]
you